DOCTOR-PATIENT CONVERSATION
Medtalk
Case: Mr Banes/ Asian, 33, cough
Doctor: Good day Mr Banes! What brought you here today?
Patient: (coughing) I’m sorry doctor. I’ve been coughing for about a week or two now.
Doctor: Would you like a glass of water?
Patient: Yes, please. I think my cough got worst overtime especially at night. There’s no phlegm present though.
I took some over-the -counter cough medication to relieve it.
Doctor: Are you feeling something else aside from coughing?
Patient: I had colds and a sore throat prior to having cough.
Doctor: Have you got allergies?
Patient: None that I’m aware of.
Doctor: Have you had hospitalizations before?
Patient: Yes. I was confined due to fatigue. Too much work, you know?
Doctor: I’d like to ask some personal questions to help me figure this out better if you don’t mind me asking.
Patient: I don’t mind at all.
Doctor: Is there anybody around you being sick these days?
Patient: Yeah. Colds and cough are quite pestering a number of my household lately.
Doctor: What do you do for a living?
Patient: I work in a construction site as a mason. I tend to overwork at times. That’s probably the reason I got
hospitalized before.
Doctor: Do you drink? DO you smoke?
Patient: Yes, I do both. I like having a drink or two in a week and I smoke a minimum of 8-10 sticks a day.
Doctor: Now, I want to do some examinations on you. Is it fine with you?
Patient: Yes, it’s fine.
Doctor: First, I’d like to look at your throat. Please open your mouth.
Next, I’d like to press on your cheekbones.
Now, I’ll check if you have swollen glands around your neck and shoulders.
Now, I’ll be listening to your lungs.
Please deep breath and I’ll listen to your lungs. (Auscultate)
Now, I’d examine your abdominal area. Please lie down.
Now, I’ll examine your legs and arms.
I’m done. Thank you for letting me examine you.
Patient: So what’s wrong with me doctor?
Doctor: Mr Banes, I think there are a few things that might have caused your cough. A cough related to upper
respiratory infection could be for one. It’s the biggest possibility we’ve got now. Asthma, acid reflux, or other
infections that might have been triggered by your occupation could also be the cause. I need to rule out first the
exact cause though so I’ll be running some blood works and chest X ray on you. And depending on the results,you may need additional tests later. In the meantime, I’ll give you some medications to easy out your cough.
Do you have any questions?
Patient: None for now. Thank you.