DOCTOR-PATIENT CONVERSATION
Case: M/60 yrs. Old, Left shoulder pain
Doctor: Good morning Mr. Sanchez. What brought you here today?
Patient: Good morning doctor. My left shoulder hurts.
Doctor: Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. When did it start?
Patient: I can’t remember when it started doctor.
Doctor: Are there any events that you think triggered your shoulder pain?
Patient: I couldn’t think of anything doctor.
Doctor: Oh I see. Is it painful all the time?
Patient: It comes and goes doctor.
Doctor: Has it been worsening?
Patient: Yes, it has worsened now.
Doctor: What is the pain like? Sharp? Dull? Tingling?
Patient: It’s sharp doctor.
Doctor: Does it radiate to any other parts of your body?
Patient: Yes doctor, the pain radiates to my neck and arm at the same side.
Doctor: On a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 as the highest and 0 as no pain at all, how severe is the pain?
Patient: 8, doctor.
Doctor: Oh it must be really painful for you. Is there anything that makes the pain worse?
Patient: There’s nothing that I know of that makes the pain worse.
Doctor: How about anything that makes it better? Like medications?
Patient: It doesn’t improve with the medication I’m taking, but the pain lessens when I’m resting my shoulder.
Doctor: What medication are you taking?
Patient: Pain killer, doctor, Ibuprofen.
Doctor: Have you ever had the same pain before?
Patient: No, doctor.
Doctor: Do you have any other symptoms?
Patient: None, doctor.
Doctor: Do you have any other medical problems like high blood pressure or diabetes?
Patient: Yes, I have hypertension
Doctor: What medications are you taking for it?
Patient: HCTZ, doctor.
Doctor: Is there anybody in your family having heart problems, strokes or diabetes?
Patient: My father died because of diabetes.
Doctor: Ok. Now I’m going to ask you some personal questions that would be helpful. Do you mind?
Patient: Not at all, doctor. Please feel free to ask questions.
Doctor: Thanks. What type of work do you do?
Patient: I’m a factory worker.
Doctor: Okay. Do you drink?
Patient: Yes, doctor, every Saturday night.
Doctor: How many bottles do you drink?
Patient: 4-5 bottles of beer per night doctor.
Doctor: Okay, it’s better if you cut down on your drinking habits like you drink 2-3 bottles of beer only.
Patient: I’ll try to do that, doctor, thanks!
Doctor: Do you smoke?
Patient: No, doctor.
Doctor: Oh, that’s good. Thank you for answering all my questions. Now, you will go through some tests for
me to have a clear diagnosis of your illness. Is this OK with you?
DOCTOR-PATIENT CONVERSATION
Patient: Yes, it’s OK doctor. Thank you.
Doctor: You’re welcome.
